- [Instructor] When we did the complete interceptors flow,
we had employed the concept of forwarding.
In this quick video, we are going to also explore
the concept of redirection.
So forwarding is trying to forward the control
to a resource within your context.
But if you want to go outside your application,
let's say you are in HPlus right now,
and you want to go to LinkedIn, or some other website,
then how do you redirect your control
to those other websites?
That's what we'll do now.
Basically, in the application, let's build this again,
and find out where we are going to do redirection in HPlus.
So I'm just going to open the home,
and this link that you see, the one that is pointing
to the LinkedIn hyperlink, that's the link
we want to work out.
When we click here, we should be able to go to LinkedIn.
That is called redirection.
You're leaving your application
and going to a completely different context,
completely different application.
So let's work that out.
Let's come back to IDE, and on the controllers,
let's write another Class, let's say redirection controller,
and needless to say, annotated with controller,
let's say GetMapping.
(keyboard clicking)
I'm going to provide it a URL pattern followed by a method.
Can name this method anything, I have chosen
the redirect out, let's put a sys out if needed.
We really don't need this now, but nevertheless.
And then, how we are going to redirect.
So when we did forwarding, we wrote the forward
keyword first, and then the URL mapping next to it.
So in the redirect also, there's a similar approach,
you have to write out the redirect keyword,
and now this one is going to demand an absolute URL,
so this will be http://www.linkedin.com.
So this is the absolute URL,
and that's what you absolutely need
in order to do this redirection.
When you were forwarding, let's just go back to
login control and recap that,
we just made sure that the URL pattern was inputted,
and it just moved in to profile controller
because it was within the same context.
Redirection, however, will demand from you
a complete absolute URL.
So let's run the build again.
Oh, but before that, we also need to make a change,
let's grab this URL pattern,
go to the index page, index JSP,
and let's now put it right there.
Similarly, we are also going to make all the pages working,
so let's go to login pages, and embed
that URL pattern there too.
Similarly, let's do for profile,
for the register,
and for the search, so on all the a href links
that we had, which were supposed to link us
to the LinkedIn application, have now been completed.
So now let's run the build, and let's see if it works well.
So let's go to the application again,
open a new window, and let's click on LinkedIn.
There we go, so now, we are on LinkedIn.com,
and we have left our HPlus context.
That's what has happened.
So we have been redirected out of HPlus,
and we have landed on LinkedIn.
So that's as simple as you can do redirection
in the Spring MVC.